# Masters-thesis-NDHU

Main repository for my Master's thesis, including code and drafts for paper.

Overleaf: https://www.overleaf.com/read/kfgtqrrjvggd#6d6fa1

Topic: UAV Enabled Wireless Power Transfer 3D Path Planning for Survivability in Wireless Sensor Network Application

Advising Professor: Wei-Che Chien

Note: Will upload the paper source files, once it is finished, since there is no benefit in storing it separately in GitHub as well. The code part is still a work in progress and should be only used with specific input data in mind. To get terrain data use methods as such:
1) Using "Windninja" terrain data feature (it downloads TIF format terrain). Move TIF file generated by "Windninja" to windninja/tif directory and run "convert_wn_tif.sh" to get usable XYZ file for terrain;
2) Use NASADEM data base for better precision Digital Elevation Model (https://portal.opentopography.org/raster?opentopoID=OTSDEM.032021.4326.2). This provides a TAR.GZ file, upload it to windninja/NASADEM and run "convert_NASADEM_tif.sh", this will provide a usable TIF file for "Windninja" wind simulations and a usable XYZ for terrain.

The calculcations are done, automated test runs are created, which generate a best solution at an iterative K_value increase in different sensor density configurations. This type of test is done for singular wind-aware UAV mission planning, wind not aware mission planning and there is also a merged test run created, where both computational approaches are considered at every K_value at the same circumstances: sensor placement, clustering solution, terrain and so on.

Further updates: adding additional functionality for automated visualisation and comparison using the data aquired from a merged test run.

This work is in progress and the paper is not intended for public use just yet. However software is intented to be open-source, feel free to use it :)
